[Wave Size Range] Revise metadata representation (#165)
microsoft/hlsl-specs: proposals/0013-wave-size-range.md

### DXIL Additions

The existing `WaveSize` value is stored as a single metadata 32-bit integer

>  constant.

Reviewer: This is confusing.  It seems to imply that when only using the existing feature, there is a single metadata value.  Then, combined with wording below, you might be led to believe that we expand the same tag to 3 values.  I think it's a lot more clear if we can just explicitly say that we deprecate the `kDxilWaveSizeTag` (11) in SM 6.8 in favor of a new tag `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` (23), and here's the format of the value for that new tag...

Then, in the table below, if we could include both the old tag and the new tag, as well as a shader model column, it demonstrates that we still use the old tag for older shader models, and it has the same format there, but the new tag is always used for SM 6.8 and above.

The new metadata tag expands this to a tuple of three 32-bit integers.

> These values represent and and all parameters to `WaveSize`.

Reviewer 2: and typo

Author: woops! Not entirely sure what I was going to put here, but I'll put something useful in its place.

Validation should confirm:

* The metadata `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` points to a tuple of exactly three
 elements.
* Each element of that tuple is a power-of-two integer between 4 and 128
 inclusive or zero.
* However, the first element (minimum wave size) is not zero.
* The first element (minimum wave size) is less than the second
 (maximum wave size).
* The third element (preferred wave size) is greater or equal to the first
 element (minimum wave size) and less than or equal to the second element
 (maximum wave size) or zero.
* Validators with versions less than 1.8 fail on shaders that use

>  `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag`.

Reviewer 2: I have been told that RangedWaveSize tag should fail validation with dxil validator version < 1.8, and I have also been told that it should fail for shader models < 6.8. Is it one or the other, or both? @tex3d

Reviewer: It's specifically for shader model < 6.8.  1.8 is the first validator version that accepts shader model 6.8, so prior versions will fail when they encounter the unrecognized tag, and the newer version will not allow you to set a validator version < 1.8 if the shader model is 6.8.

* Validators with versions greater than or equal to 1.8 fail on shaders that use

>  `kDxilWaveSizeTag`.

Reviewer: Like the above comment implies, this should only be when the shader model is greater than or equal to 6.8.  That means even when validator version is 1.8, the `kDxilWaveSizeTag` is the correct tag to use for shader model 6.7 (or 6.6).

Validation should confirm:

* The metadata `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` points to a tuple of exactly three
 elements.
* Each element of that tuple is a power-of-two integer between 4 and 128
 inclusive or zero.
* However, the first element (minimum wave size) is not zero.

> * The first element (minimum wave size) is less than the second
>  (maximum wave size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The second element (maximum wave size) is greater than the first value, or zero.
```

* The third element (preferred wave size) is greater or equal to the first
 element (minimum wave size) and less than or equal to the second element
 (maximum wave size) or zero.

> * Shaders with with versions less than 6.8 fail on shaders that use

Reviewer 2: nit: double with, typo

Reviewer 2: I might add, the wording is strange? Maybe a better way to say it is:
"Compilation with target shader model less than 6.8 will fail on shaders with the DxilWaveSize attribute".

Author: I agree the wording is awkward, but I have a couple disagreements with your proposed text. 

Compilation isn't what's happening here necessarily since this is about validation failures.

Part of the awkwardness might be because the bullet points are meant to refer to the header part that says "Validation should confirm".  So I expect this to be read "Validation should confirm (that) Shaders with versions less than 6.8 fail ..." I'll take another run at it though.

  `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` should fail.

> * Shaders with target sahder model greater than or equal to 6.8 that use

Reviewer 2: Nit: Typo! sahder

 metadata.

## Testing

### Correct Behavior Testing

Verify the following compiler output:

1. The one parameter variant of `WaveSize` correctly produces a metadata tuple
 pointed to by a `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` in the entry point attribute list with
 the single value as the first element and the last two elements set to zero.
 No `kDxilWaveSizeTag` should be produced.
2. The two parameter variant of `WaveSize` correctly produces a metadata tuple
 pointed to by a `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` in the entry point attribute list with
 the two values as the first two elements and the last element set to zero.
 No `kDxilWaveSizeTag` should be produced.
3. The three parameter variant of `WaveSize` correctly produces a metadata tuple
 pointed to by a `kDxilRangedWaveSizeTag` in the entry point attribute list with
 all three values in their respective element locations.
 No `kDxilWaveSizeTag` should be produced.
4. That the PSV0 `MinimumExpectedWaveLaneCount` and `MaximumExpectedWaveLaneCount`
  values reflect those provided for the wave size range.

Note that the above must all use literal values for the parameters on account of

>  other compile-time constants being broken due to DXC bug

Reviewer 2: Do we want to specify the bug being referred to here?
